Mount certificate for extension signature verification (#3740)
Dynatrace/dynatrace-operator: doc/api/dynakube-api-ref.md

|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|`annotations`|Adds additional annotations to the ExtensionExecutionController pods|-|object|
|`customConfig`|Defines name of ConfigMap containing custom configuration file|-|string|

> |`customExtensionCertificates`|Defines name of Secret containing certificate files|-|string|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`customExtensionCertificates`|Defines name of Secret containing certificates for custom extensions signature validation|-|string|
```
